# TSC Meeting February 12, 2019 @12PM MST

## [Hangouts Link](https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/doi.gov/jlaura)


## Agenda
- Applications and Testing
  - We recently pushed all of the additional code for the ASC Core[ISIS3] applications into the main ISIS3 library. Should this code be in a separate library along with the application code?
  - Starting a testing policy working group.
  - See [Issue](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/issues/600) for the more details.
  - See [Wiki](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/wiki/Writing-ISIS3-Tests-Using-Gtest-and-Ctest) for some background on the work that led to this.
- How do we want to number release candidates?
  - See [last meeting's](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/TSC/blob/master/meetings/2018-12-18.md) Release Roadmap discussion.
- Types of contributions
  - What is a feature change? What is a bug fix?
  - What should feature change logs look like? Last meeting we discussed a way to flag changes as feature changes and how that will impact version numbers. We should use this to generate high-level feature change logs for users.
  - Do we want to impose requirements on contributions that fall into different categories?
- Changes to TSC charter
  - Require all TSC members to be present before new members can be voted on
  - See [Issue](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/TSC/pull/19/files/0894515693fabe2003b0fbc6dbc68b69da6bdaf6#diff-cb867c02a1e550f32e09f9e0b70d6808L50)

## Notes

Because the governmnet shutdown lasted so long, this meeting will serve as the January and February meeting.

### Attending
