# TSC Meeting March 12, 2019 @12PM MST

## [Hangouts Link](https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/doi.gov/jlaura)

## Agenda
- Python wrappers for ISIS3 applications
- Using ISIS with other packages
  - Installing ISIS alongside the scientific Python stack
- Community communications
- Is the upcoming API-breaking update time for a new name?
  - In other words, should ISIS 4.0.0 be <something_else> 1.0.0?

## Notes

### Attending

## Discussions for next meeting

## Next Meeting
